docs(geo): update existing resource flow (#3468)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/geo/fragments/js/search.md

</amplify-callout>

## Add location search functionality on a map

> First, make sure you've provisioned a map resource and configured your app using the instructions in either [Getting started](~/lib/geo/getting-started.md) or [Use existing AWS resources](~/lib/geo/existing-resources.md) and you have already setup [displaying a map](~/lib/geo/maps.md) in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, make sure you've provisioned a map resource and configured your app using the instructions in either [Getting started](~/lib/geo/getting-started.md) or [Use existing Amazon Location Service resources](~/lib/geo/existing-resources.md) and you have already setup [displaying a map](~/lib/geo/maps.md) in your application.
```

> First, make sure you've provisioned a map resource and configured your app using the instructions in either [Getting started](~/lib/geo/getting-started.md) or [Use existing Amazon Location Service resources](~/lib/geo/existing-resources.md) and you have already setup [displaying a map](~/lib/geo/maps.md) in your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, make sure you've provisioned a search index resource and configured your app using the instructions in either [Getting started](~/lib/geo/getting-started.md) or [Use existing Amazon Location Service resources](~/lib/geo/existing-resources.md) and you have already setup [displaying a map](~/lib/geo/maps.md) in your application.
```

> npm install -S @maplibre/maplibre-gl-geocoder maplibre-gl maplibre-gl-js-amplify

Reviewer 2: Can we remove installation of `maplibre-gl-js` here since we removed it from the imports?

Author: You mean `maplibre-gl`? We cannot remove that because it is listed as a `peerDependency` of `maplibre-gl-js-amplify` and not a hard dependency, thus we want to have developers manually install it.
